and
yes
the party for japan tell him to believe the
danger protects it very well ochoa
he rejected the ball when he cleared he fell
ramírez martínez uy was wrong comes
go away that awesome ball misplaced
to the archer zapata that defensive ball
tower without towers when the archer has already
gone through it the fight crosses the center
gentle pacific and use balls in
The first goal is very early
in three minutes
up the waratahs steal such the
Panamanian the account santa fe pico tries
leads to a millionaire robbery zero
with pulsar
subtle pressure of anchico came down
martínez the left side and there's very
close vigilant was sea perez
gave it to 10 the burning knows
smart and fast for a ball already
I had detected the diagonal
movement of martínez borja those who do not
they saw who did not talk to each other
they understood the archer rufai zapata and
towers and towers in the eagerness to
get to that ball to block his way
Perez ball towards the borja
ends by sending to the back of the network the
intention of holy faith william de
boot look for the bow of clothes and shoe
and very quickly the goal is given to
cardinal set how they change the
matches the strategies when it appears